---
layout: post
title: Forefront 3 Wrap Up
categories: bamboo
published: True
author: Amanda Pizzo
color: light
has_image: has-image
show_overlay: show-overlay
feature_image: /images/posts/forefront-3/IMG_0968.jpg
excerpt: "Third time's a charm. We just wrapped our 3rd Forefront creative meetup at Bamboo HQ."
images-1:
  - '/images/posts/forefront-3/IMG_0943.jpg'
  - '/images/posts/forefront-3/IMG_0971.jpg'
images-2:
  - '/images/posts/forefront-3/IMG_0968.jpg'
video: '<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/161229953?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>'
---

Last week, we hosted another Forefront and loved connecting and learning with some of the best local creatives, all while 
enjoying beer and nachos. We always look forward to this event, and it just keeps getting better.

{% include project-image-column.html class="images-two no-margin-top no-padding-bottom" images=page.images-1 %} 

The focus of Forefront round three was building community. Bringing a business to life and moving ideas forward is hard 
enough, so why do it alone? The best resource we have is each other. So, we got together to hear from some incredible 
women who have forged the path of entrepreneurship and make a living doing work that is meaningful to them.

[Jennifer Snyder](http://www.jenniferesnyder.com), creator of the podcast "Creating Your Own Path," shared her story from 
venturing out on her own to where it has taken her - literally across the country on road trips to interview brilliant 
creatives. She talked about how the creative road is difficult, yet extremely rewarding, and how community is essential 
to thriving. She provided firsthand insights into the pains, struggles, and doubts we all face on our creative journey, 
and inspired the entire room to keep moving forward. Since starting CYOP she has learned that creating value for your 
customers, showing up consistently for them, and getting to know them on a more personal level are all key to building 
community.

Following Jennifer’s talk, Kari Shipman of [Juniper James](http://juniperjames.com), Stephanie Rudy of [Just West](http://www.justwestco.com) 
, and Steph Washburn of [Pretty In Ink](http://www.prettyininktattoo.net) joined her for a 
panel discussion. They shared transparently about each of their experiences in the creative world, and offered invaluable
 insight. It was so encouraging to hear how they have overcome obstacles and continue to move forward with doing what they
  love.
  
{% include project-image-column.html class="no-padding-bottom" images=page.images-2 %} 

Thank you to all who shared, joined the discussion, and came to connect. What an inspiring night!

**So what's next?**

1. We’re planning the next Forefront (date TBD), but will keep everyone posted.

2. We have room for 2-3 new ideas in the spotlight section of our program. If you want to feature your idea, 
startup, product, business in our showcase, please email us at [info@bamboocreative.com](mailto:info@bamboocreative.com)

3. We’ve started a Forefront Slack Team. Request an invite by emailing [info@bamboocreative.com](mailto:info@bamboocreative.com?subject=#FOREFRONT-SLACK) with the subject line 
#FOREFRONT-SLACK so you can join and help us shape this event.

Until next time!

{% include project-video.html class="" video=page.video %}